So we know that our testing went successfully, so we were able to get the information in this case.
All of the questions from our from our Jason, which is really exciting.
All right.
So let's now go back and focus on the user interface.
So again, this was just testing.
What I'm going to do now is remove or at least extract all of these, some of these classes here onto
their own home.
I just want to make sure that we have separated pieces of code or pieces of user interface.
So instead of, let's say, screens here, I'm going to create a new court ruling class could be just
a file.
And let's call this trivia home, and this is where I'm going to.
We have a lot of things open to us, close all of these down.
So I'm going to just call cut all of this and put right there.
Very good.
Everything is imported.
And instead of a components here, this is where I'm going to add another class of file called these
questions.
And so this is where.
This composable will live.
OK.
Very good.
So that means then coming here, we'll probably have to obviously go and import all of those dependencies.
And our trivia here will also have to import that.
OK.
Let's go ahead and run once again.
Of course, if you were running, she'd probably you will see a blank window like this.
And of course, go to Logcat.
You can see that we have the result.
Real quick here inside of our questions, what I can do is with this is a composable I can put here
a circle progress indicator.
I search when it's loading.
You may be too fast for it to show, but nonetheless.
OK, lest we run this.
Voila, you saw that briefly.
Real quick.
There we go.
We saw that running real quick, it was really fast.
Put your eyes here.
OK, there we go, it's loading.
This is well, it was really fast, which is a good thing in a way, but it's always important to add
this recall progress indicators to indicate that something is happening in the background.
So the user knows indeed that they can wait for a bit.
All right.
So I just want to show you the importance of what we've just done, which is to allow to pass this metadata
in this case, the loading state, so we can use that to do something like what we just saw.